In this section, let us define some events.
Events can be emitted by functions when a specific action is performed.
We have to declare the events before they are emptied.
The front-end offer tab can watch for
these events and carry on specific actions accordingly.
So, we have two events that we're defining here.
The first is called the ForSale event,
and the second is called the Sold event.
Both of them are accepting one parameter each.
So, the first one is accepting a parameter or an argument
called skuCount and the second one is also accepting this sku.
Now, we can emit these events inside of functions.
We will look at this later then we'll write out the functions.
In the next video, we will write out all the modifiers that a smart contract needs.